[2.6] Adding pandas serialization in standard XCom to the pass data guide and the custom XCom backend tutorial (#2197)
astronomer/docs: learn/custom-xcom-backends-tutorial.md

- Needing more storage space for XCom than the metadata database can offer.
- Running a production environment where you require custom retention, deletion, and backup policies for XComs. With a custom XCom backend, you don't need to worry about periodically cleaning up the metadata database.

> - Utilizing custom serialization and deserialization methods. By default, Airflow uses JSON serialization and, as of Airflow 2.6, can serialize Pandas dataframes via [pyarrow](https://pypi.org/project/pyarrow/). To circumvent this limitation in local development there is the option to serialize data via [pickling](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#enable-xcom-pickling), which is often not suitable for production due to [known security implications](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pickle.html). A custom XCom backend allows you to implement your own serialization and deserialization methods.

Author: I agree, it feels very wedged in 😅 . I think if someone comes to this tutorial directly and specifically wants a custom backend only to serialized pandas dfs of a size small enough that standard xcom would work... yes already unlikely and then they'd skip to step 6 and see the note. :)

## Step 6: Create a custom serialization method to handle Pandas dataframes

> A powerful feature of custom XCom backends is the possibility to create custom serialization and deserialization methods. This is particularly useful for handling objects that cannot be JSON-serialized or if you want to serialize Pandas dataframes using a different method than `pyarrow`. In this step, you will create a new custom XCom backend that can save the contents of a [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) dataframe as a CSV file. Being serialized as CSV, the content of the XCom becomes accessible to CSV query tools like [csvq](https://mithrandie.github.io/csvq/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A powerful feature of custom XCom backends is the possibility to create custom serialization and deserialization methods. This is particularly useful for handling objects that cannot be JSON-serialized. In this step, you will create a new custom XCom backend that can save the contents of a [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) dataframe as a CSV file. Being serialized as CSV, the content of the XCom becomes accessible to CSV query tools like [csvq](https://mithrandie.github.io/csvq/).

Note that as of Airflow 2.6, Pandas dataframes can be serialized by XCom using `pyarrow`. This step is still useful if you are using an older version of Airflow, and to highlight the general process for creating a custom serialization method.
```
Maybe something like this? Trying to make this update a more natural integration, but let me know if you want to chat about how best to do that.

## Step 6: Create a custom serialization method to handle Pandas dataframes

A powerful feature of custom XCom backends is the possibility to create custom serialization and deserialization methods. This is particularly useful for handling objects that cannot be JSON-serialized. In this step, you will create a new custom XCom backend that can save the contents of a [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) dataframe as a CSV file. Being serialized as CSV, the content of the XCom becomes accessible to CSV query tools like [csvq](https://mithrandie.github.io/csvq/).

> Note that as of Airflow 2.6, Pandas dataframes can be serialized by the standard XCom backend using `pyarrow`. This step is still useful if you are using an older version of Airflow, and to highlight the general process for creating a custom serialization method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that as of Airflow 2.6, Pandas dataframes can be serialized by the standard XCom backend using `pyarrow`. This step is still useful if you are using an older version of Airflow.
```
